
My travel started in 2025, when i tried myself in js and i my first script: Bot manager.
It was simple, two bots were joining and by button bots were sending messages - it was my first step to game scripting.

Next months i was having fun with allow socket and some public scripts, i wasnt powerful in these times
But if not one special person - i would stay with same public scripts.
In room ive meet panther, the most powerful guy, who made a lot in 2024-2025, and in private room we talked about scripts, he showed me his scripts, and they were pretty nice to me
It was our first meet ever, this day changed my life here from before to after.

Then we started to communicate with scripts, and by panther ive finally started a dialogue with YoutubeDrawaria, we became friends, and started making ideas with scripts together
Then panther showed me a big problem: English community and otyano. We started a fight.
For this situation panther had scripts which can spam by bots and more good stuff to fight against enemies
Our powerful script in these times was: Room crash, and nothing else.

But, i changed this for foverer.
I discovered the crash rooms method - the powerful script that i ever made, and i found it just by accident.
And then, we three were suprised when we found the big weapon against enemies, it was so nice

In next time we combined scripts, and now we had two methods: Crash rooms, and lag rooms.

And now, when we had a big power, game was in big chaos.
Mass server errors, avatars and messages were loading slow. This is what moderators wasnt able to stop
Hard months for drawaria players, nobody was able to visit the site.

And then, the server was changed after mass DDos, the crash rooms script stopped work.
But also, after DDos our enemies left, it was a victory.
Ive stopped using crash scripts, but was using it for sometimes



And here we are, in 2026.
Panther left, and i'm discovering the game files, YoutubeDrawaria is busy with big project.

I'm truly sorry about server problems and my behavior, but these files was made to show truth about mods and icaneefoeva, because i'm tired to see how players are being scammed

"We dont have access to private rooms"
"We dont know where is the admin"
"We DONT KNOW what to do"

The question comes: Then how i found it? How i can join private rooms and how i got icaneefoeva information?
If icaneefoeva wouldnt quit his game - maybe this repository wouldnt appear in github.

Anyway, for the current situation i prefer to quit and keep this repository open, maybe these items will be useful for future people like me. I dont have anything to find here, i reached my maximum


Thanks Panther and YoutubeDrawaria, if not you both, maybe i wouldnt became a "hacker" in Drawaria.online

